♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 21)
I suggest you take her to Beijing.
The day after tomorrow,
I'm afraid I can't go to Beijing with you.
I'll go to Beijing by high-speed rail
the day after tomorrow.
You're going to Beijing
the day after tomorrow?
Zhao Fanzhou.
You said you were at hospital.
You meant a hospital in Beijing?
Why didn't you tell me
when I said I'd be here for a summer camp?
(Episode 22: So near yet so far.)
(Please cooperate with
the explosion proof security check.)
Zhao Fanzhou!
Watch out!
Surprised?
Shocked?
Moved?
Don't you watch out for cars
while crossing the street?
It's 1:00 a.m.,
but you're outside alone.
What if anything happened to you?
I didn't even know you came here.
Are you mad at me?
Don't be angry.
I just wanted to give you a surprise.
Are you really mad at me?
You're not mad at me?
I am.
(Busy)
I'm so tired.
I kept writing and writing
so that my fingerprints
were almost rubbed off.
And my boyfriend was not by my side.
When he's finally back,
he's mad at me.
Why am I so unlucky?
I also have a sore throat.
My ankle is aching.
I...
I came out by climbing over the wall.
My ankle is twisted.
It hurts.
I climbed over the wall to see you.
Please don't be mad at me.
Who asked you to do that?
What if you fell down?
Impossible. I'm good at sport.
I couldn't fall down.
I...
I'm sleepy.
I need some sleep.
Good night.
(Busy)
I don't want it.
Here we are.
Give me a second.
I'll go explain it
to the dorm supervisor.
Are you still mad at me?
Yes.
Please don't be angry. Okay?
No.
Look.
I didn't mean to do it.
I...
I've drunk water as you said.
You can't be mad at me anymore.
It's a different matter.
What are you doing?
I just put a spell on you.
To stop you getting mad.
You smiled.
No.
You did.
You got it wrong.
I heard it. You smiled.
I said no.
You did. I heard it.
Jealousy
makes women unhappy.
It's shown
particularly clearly
in female crime.
Besides,
it becomes
an emotional barrier for them to reform.
Research reveals...
When did you go to bed last night?
I stayed up all night.
I slept for only two hours.
Go back to your dorm
and have a good rest.
No way.
I won't wake up if I fall asleep.
I have to make everything clear
in the ending of the story
during the next few days.
Why are you in a hurry?
The writing summer camp
in Beijing
asked us to hand in a work.
They said if my work was good enough,
they would recommend it to publishing houses.
If my novel is published,
it will prove my life is worth living.
Research on psychological remedies
to female crime
has been carried out for long.
There are also
many psychological remedies.
You want to lose your eyesight?
Zhao Fanzhou.
Tell me
which remedies
aiming at female crime
have been introduced from abroad?
Psychoanalysis,
cognitive therapy,
behavior therapy
and client-centered therapy.
It seems you're listening to me
while dating a girl.
But the rest of you had better
not follow his example.
You're not as capable as him.
It's okay that
you take your girlfriend here,
but you should avoid
getting too close in class.
Alright.
You have a lot of time
to do that after class.
It's all your fault.
Besides the four therapies
Zhao Fanzhou mentioned,
there are some other ways
to deal with female crime.
That's all for today.
You're dismissed.
Thank you, professor.
I've finally done writing.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
Why are you holding a book?
You're...
What's wrong?
The medicated oil.
Hold on. I'll get you some tissues.
Let me wipe it for you.
I'm sorry.
I'll treat you to lunch. Okay?
Why do your tears keep coming out?
Can you walk by yourself?
No.
Someone will take photos
and post them on the internet again.
Last time,
a photo of us was posted
below your Weibo account.
You lost about half of your fans.
Aren't you worried?
It turns out you followed
my Weibo account in secret.
That's not the point.
The point is you've lost a lot of fans.
I don't care.
No big deal.
I'd expected so before I posted the photo.
Wait.
You'd expected so before you posted it.
Right.
That is...
Xie Yixing.
You have one more chance to tell the truth.
Okay.
I posted the photo with my private account.
Xie Yixing, you...
Excuse me.
Welcome to experience our life education.
Thank you.
Xie Yixing!
Stop looking at the leaflet.
Could it
be better-looking than me?
Explain to me
why you used your private Weibo account
to post our photo.
Because
I want everyone to know that
you're my girlfriend.
Why do you want everyone to know that?
Because I like you so much.
Nobody confesses his love on every occasion.
Sorry?
Louder please.
Repeat it.
Tao Ling!
Here.
Hey.
Come over.
Because I like you so much.
Do you know?
What's up?
Why are you looking so sad?
Fang Wei said
he'd have lunch with me,
but he suddenly called and told me
his mentor wanted
to discuss a project with him.
He can't make it.
Never mind.
We'll eat with you.
Then
I want to have ribs.
I also want chicken wings.
Lu, your boyfriend is staring at me.
Eat.
Wait. It's mine.
Fang Wei stood me up
and you grabbed my chicken wing.
He stood you up again?
Your hands are not clean, Zhou Xiao.
What a poor girl you are.
I'll give it back to you.
I don't need it.
You do.
I don't.
It's Xie Yixing's.
Give it back to him.
It's yours?
Give it to me.
Here you are.
Eat.
Can we have a quiet meal?
Only Zhao Fanzhou has control over you.
I prefer to eat like this.
It gives me a better appetite.
Eat more.
You need to eat more.
You're so slim.
If you keep losing weight,
I'd be able to pick you up with a racket.
Ah.
Xiao,
I think this is much fun.
I'll ask Fang Wei to join us.
How about the three of us going there?
What is it?
Do you know how life started?
No.
Do you think life is tiring?
Not really.
Have you thought about what you'd say
at the last moment of your life?
No.
Come to play the game
and experience the shocking life education.
What is it?
It's an event held by the Medical School
for World Suicide Prevention Day.
Let's go there for fun.
Don't you need to write?
Right.
Then focus on writing.
When we come back,
I'll give you
a vivid description.
Maybe I've already finished writing
before you go.
I wish you full of inspiration while writing.
I'm sure to be full of inspiration.
Thank you.
Eat.
Okay.
How on earth can I make
the hero's childhood trauma be healed?
Dad,
when will my mom be transferred
to a local hospital?
I'll go pick you up.
Forget it.
(OK. I got it.)
I'll have him beaten up
so that he loses his memory.
(Dad, when will mom be transferred to
our local hospital? I'll pick you up.)
What's wrong?
I have no inspiration.
So what?
So, I need to excite my brain cells.
How?
Do you want an ice cream?
I'll go get ice creams. Wait for me.
Fanzhou.
Dad,
I sent you a message on WeChat,
but you didn't reply to me.
I was busy,
so I missed it.
Your mom has been transferred
to a local hospital.
I've gone through the admission procedure.
I planned to tell you
after everything is done.
Why didn't you tell me about the transfer?
I can deal with it alone.
I planned to tell you
after you've done with the registration.
I've already done.
I'll go to see you soon.
Okay.
It happens I'll have
something else to do tonight.
Okay.
I'll hung up.
I'll go to see your mom with you.
Were you scared
by my mom last time?
No.
It's a similar case
when my mom loses her temper.
I'm used to that.
But you have to promise me something.
Okay.
Swap ice creams with me.
The lavender flavored one
tastes like detergent.
Why did you buy it?
It's a new flavor.
I wanted to have a try.
Luckily, I also got
a cantaloupe flavored one.
How do you like it?
It tastes like detergent, right?
I've never had detergent.
I did.
When I was little,
I thought it was milk powder,
so I had some in secret.
It's really a miracle
that you're still alive.
I was just curious about unknown things.
"I'm Tutu, a naughty boy."
"I'm curious about everything in the world."
"I have numerous questions."
You're the one who is curious,
so you take the responsibility.
Uncle.
She has taken diazepam
and just fallen asleep.
Yichun, thank you.
We're lucky
to have you here.
You've helped us with everything.
You've made things
convenient for us.
Uncle, you're too polite.
Just let me know
if there is anything I can do.
I'm an intern here, anyway.
Everything for me is a chance to learn.
Okay.
I appreciate it.
I'm leaving.
I need to
confirm some medical records from Beijing
with Professor Gu.
Okay.
Thank you.
Go ahead.
Oh. Uncle,
will Fanzhou be here soon?
Yeah. He'll be here later.
Okay.
I'll update him on the situation.
Did you tell your mom I would go to see her?
She's asleep.
You said your dad was also there, right?
Hmm.
Look.
Is my outfit
neat and tidy?
Shall I go back and get changed?
No.
I'd better go back.
My mom prepared me
some special local products.
I'll get one for your mom
so that she can have a taste.
She's bored, anyway.
She can kill time by eating something.
Calm down.
I'm calm.
Really.
Didn't you already meet her
when you were in Beijing?
Why are you suddenly nervous?
I was also nervous last time.
Besides,
after I came back
and told Tao Ling and other girls about it,
they all scolded me.
They said
I was not polite enough
and I should have made full preparations
to meet your mom.
They also told me a lot
about the importance of
getting along with my mother-in-law.
I was so scared.
I'm getting more and more nervous.
Mother-in-law?
You've got the wrong point.
Alright. Don't be nervous.
Relax.
You asked me to relax?
Last time when you went to see my parents,
you were also as nervous
as a cat on a hot tin roof.
Don't make sarcastic comments.
Come on. I need your comfort.
Relax.
Don't worry.
Shall I buy your mom a bunch of flowers?
Okay.
Excuse me.
Can you tell me
which flowers are suitable for parents?
For parents?
Right.
This kind of flowers.
This kind?
What else?
And
this.
Hold on.
Let me get emotionally prepared.
Okay.
Knock.
Come in please.
(Genetic Testing Report
of Beijing Xieping Medical Laboratory)
(Patient Name: Zhao Fanzhou)
(Test Items)
(Bipolar Disorder: Genetic Risk 1.1)
It's been a long time since I last saw you.
I thought
you were scared last time
and would never come to see me again.
How could it be possible?
Last time, the summer camp
in Beijing was finished,
so I went home.
You don't need to comfort me.
It's normal that you were scared.
Really.
It's not your fault.
No.
You got it wrong, auntie.
I was not scared at all.
Mom,
Zhou Xiao has got you flowers.
Auntie,
look.
I picked them for you.
Do you like them?
That would be great.
They're good-looking.
What are these flowers called?
Carnations.
Nobody has ever sent me flowers.
Zhao Fanzhou has never done that?
Each Mother's Day,
I send carnations to my mom.
It's better to have a daughter.
Girls are considerate and romantic.
He's as silly as a goose.
Has he ever sent flowers to you?
No.
Really?
So, you're like me, right?
It's for you.
Thank you, auntie.
It's fragrant.
But I think I once received flowers.
Really?
From a boy or a girl?
A boy.
My good friend. We grew up together.
He's called Cai Yasi.
Well.
Why did a boy send flowers to you?
Is he your ex?
No.
He just wanted to play a trick on me.
He's a bad boy.
Give me more details.
When we were on stage...
Here is a hospital.
Can you two keep quiet?
He's really boring sometimes.
Really?
This room
is bright.
It's not bad.
A fairy is spreading flowers!
Is it fun?
No.
Yichun.
Uncle.
Why don't you go inside?
I'm afraid I'd bother your wife.
I think
she is awake at this time.
Come on.
This photo is good...
Fanzhou,
she is...
She's my girlfriend,
Zhou Xiao.
He's my dad.
Hi, Mr. Zhao.
I'm Zhou Xiao.
Nice to meet you.
I've got the medicine.
I'm sorry,
but I'll have a meeting in the office.
I need to rush back,
so I can't keep you company.
It's okay.
Mr. Zhao, please go ahead.
Now that you're so busy,
you don't need to come here again.
Uncle,
I'm going back to my office.
Let me see you out.
Okay.
Fanzhou,
take care of your mom.
Hmm.
Auntie, I'm leaving.
Uncle,
it's the first time you've seen
Fanzhou's girlfriend, right?
Yeah, but Fanzhou once mentioned her.
I didn't expect Fanzhou would say that.
Did he keep
praising her in private?
I can see that
he likes her very much.
But...
What's up, uncle?
You know,
Fanzhou is
sensible.
There are a lot of things
he chooses to digest by himself.
He's afraid he may inherit
this disease from his mom,
so he got a test in secret.
If anything is wrong,
I'm afraid
he'll break up with her.
Yichun,
can you
do me a favor?
Please go ahead.
You know Fanzhou well.
So,
can you try to persuade him
not to be that stubborn?
Uncle, you can trust me.
Okay.
Thank you.
Let's go.
(Inpatient Department)
Zhou Xiao.
What's up?
Let's go back to school.
Then I'll come back here.
I wanna stay here for a little longer.
No.
Go back and rest up.
I won't rest up even if I go back.
I have to keep writing.
So, let me stay here for another while.
You have to go back.
Finish your novel first.
Don't worry
about things here.
Alright.
(Inpatient Department)
Come in.
Morning, auntie.
Morning.
You're here.
Why are you here?
Don't you need to write?
You...
Yes, I do.
Zhou Xiao.
Come on. Look.
No three identical ones.
There are five here.
Five.
Look.
I didn't see it.
Amazing.
Then do it like this.
Three. Four. Five.
Have more meat.
Zhou Xiao.
Thank you.
Thank you. Hold on.
Stop eating.
Here you are.
I'll get more.
Auntie.
Here you are.
Take it.
Point it at me.
Press it.
Have a try.
Press it again.
Okay.
Alright.
He hasn't slept for three days and nights.
The medical examiner looks exhausted.
Suddenly, he puts the scalpel aside,
giving a smile with relief.
"I know how the victim was killed."
Hello?
I've done writing.
We can go out for fun tomorrow.
You know,
I'm so happy that my hands
can't help shaking.
I've really done with writing this time.
Tomorrow, let's go experience the...
What is it called?
Experience life.
Right.
I'm feeling like I could live over again.
Okay.
Can you pretend to be more excited?
My mom is asleep.
Sh.
Lower your voice.
I forgive you.
See you tomorrow.
Bye.
(Bipolar Disorder: Genetic Risk 41.1)
How long do we still have to wait?
Shall we do it first?
Be more patient.
You do it first.
I'll stay here and wait for him.
Anyway, so many of us
couldn't do it at the same time.
But I...
Stop.
Go ahead.
It's not that easy to be a star's girlfriend.
Okay. We're leaving.
Let's go.
I'm leaving.
You've agreed to come here in the morning,
but now you wanna do it in the afternoon.
Time is precious for you
and worthless for me, right?
Fine. I don't wanna talk to you.
I don't wanna play either.
Stop calling me.
Tao Ling.
I'm fine.
It's tiring. I'm not interested anymore.
Enjoy yourselves.
I'm going back.
Are you really okay?
Yeah.
I'm leaving.
Zhao Fanzhou.
Be nice to your girlfriend.
Don't keep her waiting.
Not everyone will keep waiting for you.
Ignore her.
She had a fight with Fang Wei,
so she's upset.
Have you waited for long?
I'm glad you realized it.
Let's go in.
Lu and Yixing have started for a while.
I wonder how they're doing.
Go.
How did I come into this world?
Everyone was held in arms
by their family when they were little.
If you have a chance to experience it again,
you'll be healed.
I'm out.
Now that you're here, give it a try.
No.
Give it a try
and I'll promise you something.
Really?
Really.
Anything?
It has to be reasonable.
And as my capacity allows.
Excuse me.
I wanna have a try.
Okay.
(The Photo of Students' Activity)
Back to the womb?
(Back to the womb)
Let's try something else.
Hmm.
Okay.
Take your time.
It's tight.
Lu.
Lu, are you there?
What's up?
It's too tight. My neck is hurting.
You need to experience it for a longer time.
Can you help me
loosen up a little?
It really hurts. I'm telling the truth.
Does it really hurt?
Yes.
Hold on.
Okay.
You're doing it on purpose, right?
Lu,
do me a favor.
You said you'd promise me something.
Yeah.
You...
Help me with my neck.
That's it?
That's it.
It's reasonable.
And as your capacity allows.
(Experience Senescence)
Getting old
is something a person can't avoid.
Inability to move freely,
blurred vision,
hearing loss,
joint stiffness,
and difficulty in squatting and rising...
The aging experience...
Honey,
I don't want to have soya beans tonight.
Okay.
Go.
Let's go take the stairs.
Slow down.
It's tiring.
I'm panting for breath
after walking a few steps.
Have a rest.
What did you say?
Louder. I can't hear very well.
I said, take a rest.
No.
You're helping me up. I don't need a rest.
You know? With you helping me up like this,
I feel like I'm an empress dowager.
When I get old,
I must be more troublesome than anyone else.
No matter where I go,
I'd say, "Honey, help me. I wanna go there."
"Honey, help me. I wanna drink water."
"Honey, help me. I wanna go to the bathroom."
Honey. Honey.
I'm sure
to make you upset.
I'll be happy to see it happen.
Nothing.
(Experience Senescence)
No way.
I'm so tired.
Help me take off these strange clothes.
Zhao Fanzhou,
I'm feeling suffocated.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
Zhao Fanzhou,
what's up?
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
You're annoying.
I wanna suffocate you.
I'll live well.
I'll live to upset you.
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
(Office C)
Is it fun inside?
You'd better not go in.
There is nothing worth experiencing.
It'll bring you bad luck.
Exactly.
Nobody dares to experience this.
You'd better leave.
Let's go.
It's exciting.
I didn't expect
I'd have a chance to experience this.
It's so much fun. I wanna do it again.
I wanna do it again from the very beginning.
Is it okay?
No.
Is it really a body bag?
Yes.
It's like a sleeping bag.
Is it expensive?
No.
I'm a caterpillar.
Aren't you tired?
I...
I'm a little tired too.
But in this case,
I really feel like I am dead.
Life is a profound topic.
Why is it speaking suddenly?
But we're keeping exploring.
I guess
nobody played the game,
so it wasn't turned on until now.
What are you thinking of?
What last words do you have?
Zhao Fanzhou.
Facing the death is
to make you open your eyes,
indifferent to the difficulties of life.
What would your last words be
if you were about to die?
Zhao Fanzhou.
I think
we need to break up.
Sorry?
We need to break up.
(Next Episode)
I don't want to break up.
I'll take good care of her.
And better than you did.
Madam,
I'm the new part-timer.
I'm Cai Yasi, sophomore of
Department of Computer Science.
I won't eat,
unless you take Zhou Xiao here.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪